This is a head-gum original.
I feel like the intro doesn't get enough love
in terms of it being all done.
You started without our permission.
You just started too fast.
I was like fixing things.
We were talking about a technical issue.
That is ongoing, we should say.
Yeah.
I can't hear myself.
Am I sounding good to you guys?
I can't hear you.
Is your mic on?
It says it's on.
What about this?
That's better.
Yeah.
All right.
That's so much worse.
That's it.
Yeah.
That was good.
Thanks.
I really needed to hear that actually.
Not you.
No, not you.
I'm a stroke.
About how do your voice is bad.
For on one today, huh?
This is messed up.
We've got Emma.
What's that?
As opposed to any other day?
Three on one would be fine.
Three on one's better.
You're hearing their voices.
We've got two New Yorkers in from the East Coast.
You've got Emma Foley on the sacs.
Marie could brown down the facts.
Rounding it out.
What's that?
You said woo.
Yeah.
It's hard.
We've talked about this so much.
Sure.
Again, one, two, three, four screens.
Five if you count them on.
I'll never want to sound the same.
No.
This is not how I wanted to start the show.
We've got a lot to get to by the way.
Okay.
Great.
Then we've got Ali Khan.
And on your kind of sky.
Bringing up the rear.
He did it.
Really nice.
I nailed it the first.
I forget why I was watching this.
I think I was trying to get inspiration going forward from the past.
Because if you can't learn from the past,
history is bound to repeat itself.
Ali.
You agree?
Yeah, I agree.
That's good.
Single do you up because Jewish?
Yeah.
No, I got that.
Oh my god.
Is this what the whole hour's going to be?
It's going to be you guys catching me and some kind of.
You're trying to cancel me.
That's what's happening.
This is gotcha journalism.
Yeah.
Not a sponsor.
What is going on with this table?
Don't.
You just.
Can you show the table?
No.
Can you pick the table up and bring it into the.
Bring it into the frame.
Don't show.
Yeah.
That's true.
That's for our only fans.
Yeah.
Oh.
We should say.
Can we go down the line?
Let's start with Emma.
As if I'm reading a book.
What you guys were in the middle of doing?
You all four of you are really busy.
And if you can just go down the line and say what you were busy with,
that I pulled you away from to do this show.
Sorry, Emma.
I was editing social videos for.
I had no podcasting.
You're super.
I should be really important because that's ahead.
Gamma original.
On you?
No.
I was kind of in a conversation with like three different
departments about some ad reads that need to go up like tomorrow.
Like yesterday.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Alley.
I was compiling a brand logos and lot in guidelines to make really cool cue cards
for a shoot coming up.
The branded shoot we should say.
Yeah.
Branded.
Making money for the network.
That keeps shows like this a float.
Yes.
Team numbers.
You'll never even touch.
Of course.
Yeah.
And you mean for the show or ever in my life?
Oh.
Rico.
I was setting up.
I was talking to Andrew Pile or CTO over Google
and setting up a server.
Yeah.
Server for the network and the office.
That that was what you pulled me away from.
It's actually finishing the review.
The way he won't let you speak.
Speak.
Yeah.
That's true.
So true.
Queen.
You guys flew halfway across the country.
All the way across the country.
I was like.
Unless you take the country.
It's like your house.
Yeah.
The sugar and falls.
The last pick package that I had to ship there for my mom's birthday.
She said, shag ring falls.
Doing this show.
Perfect to scale rep.
We'll go by the way.
The studio.
Set up a parent's garage.
We watch the old tapes.
Yeah.
That's the thing.
I just went to the dead and company show.
It was the final one in San Francisco.
And the thing with the grateful that is that people listen to the old shows.
They're like, oh, there's these tapers.
And they tape every show.
You can listen to every show.
Yeah.
And tell me about it.
I think it'd be interesting if people did that for the headgun podcast.
Right.
So people set up like a tape deck.
And they're recording their speakers at home.
This podcast coming out of the speakers.
Yeah.
And it's like, oh, my God.
Like, they were really cooking spring 23.
You know what I mean?
That's not the same thing.
That's the same thing.
We would have to be doing live.
That would.
What you can do is.
Sure.
And we eventually go on tour.
Ask people to boot like our live shows.
People.
Yeah.
I'd say it's for like the people that come on the pole.
Get some like old camcorders.
And people can like wear a little.
Uh, where they call trench coats and like record them.
Um, speaking of.
Uh, Katie Moose in the studio for the first time ever.
I think.
What do you mean?
She's never.
Well, she's always in.
She'd say.
On.
What do I think?
And um, she, she made it.
I think it was because you guys are in town.
Yeah.
What's that?
Definitely was.
I mean, she's been here a lot for the past couple of weeks.
Because of the branded show.
Yeah.
She's done like her overnight.
Watch.
What is this?
Um, but she poked her head into the studio as I was setting up.
And she was like, by the way, we haven't forgotten about the.
Yeah.
It's squeaking.
So loud.
We had to push the whole desk back because of.
The room for the producer cam for all the cables that are never plugged into the right thing.
Because every show has a different set up, by the way.
I try to stick to the chef cabin method.
I try to keep stick to the on your Casey approved method.
But every time I come in here, this cables plugged into this hard drive.
This fucking thing is set up for some live stream that barely happened, by the way.
And I'll say chef coming was the last person to be in here.
Really.
Also there right now.
Yeah.
Um.
Katie poked her head in and she said, we haven't forgotten.
We've forgotten about the tour.
We're just trying to figure out some shit and we're trying to.
She basically said, and I don't know if I should say this on here.
That money's tight.
And we were thinking.
Like San Bernardino.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Like as like the farthest that we could afford to have you go.
Maybe Baker's field.
San Luis Obispo.
That seems that's a college town.
Yeah.
That's kind of cool college town.
That feels like too far.
That's too far.
Yeah.
It's considered.
San Ana.
Too far.
Where the wind comes from?
When they make winds.
Antonio.
Yeah.
Too way too far.
We cannot.
Sand's Jeff.
At the Vegas.
Sand's resort.
Um.
Sand's Jeff resort.
You mean you meant the like in the French.
Like without.
In the French quarter.
In the by you.
No.
She meant like without you.
Like Sans.
I feel like we're not.
Is it comics?
Because that was good.
And you didn't even react.
I built off that.
I guess I ended.
I guess.
You didn't say hello to me when I walked in this morning.
Yes.
I did.
I walked specifically.
I interrupted the conversation.
I said hi.
I didn't even do that to America.
I just.
To America.
I walked five.
What did I say?
To me.
What is this?
Should we tell Jack what we learned yesterday in our.
Um.
Had done bonding activity about the Great Wall of China.
That it's constructed.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
I thought of him.
I thought of you.
It was the consistency of sand.
What is it then?
Even better.
It's better than that.
Yeah.
It's like pieces of it are like stuck together with the mortar.
It's made out of glutinous rice.
And yeah.
That was a fun fact that we had to learn during a team bonding activity.
And why did you guys do that?
Marty.
Yeah.
We played play like it on.
I got to miss it.
But then I heard this kind of fun.
Honestly.
It was fun.
And I mean, on you saying that because she won.
On.
Yeah.
And my team I think was dead last the entire time.
We were in first place the whole time.
It was me Casey Brad and Sage.
And I think it wasn't there.
I was on on you.
Yeah.
Sage is fast really.
I don't know.
It was on fairly stack because I think it was on your Brad Sage.
And Casey I think was on our team.
Jeff was not there.
I'm hearing a buzz.
I'm just a friend.
That's just the energy in the room.
I mean, it's a buzz with this shit.
It is a trick.
I'm liking that everyone.
IRL.
It's electric.
That'd be a good burnt rice.
Yeah.
Jeff's being really goofy.
Jeff was like, you're not being combat.
It's because we're.
Because you're with the lead.
Yeah.
There's like a feminine energy in the room.
That's.
Girls don't.
Another rice parody to only girl in the world by Rihanna.
Because the bridge of it sounds like let me make you rice.
And still fries.
And I already thought that.
So I'd love.
Wait, what's the secret from that one?
It's like, let me make you rice.
That's so good.
What make you feel like it's the only grain in the world?
Yeah.
That's really good.
Like I'm the only.
A char that you'd ever love.
And this is why people think it's easy to do what I do.
It's then you see somebody take a crack at it.
And it's not the same.
No.
If it was.
Want you to char the grains like I'm the only parboiled in the world.
That it kind of.
It's about a plant rhyme.
Let's check in Emma has post production on the short.
You're doing.
I'm still waiting to hear back from festivals.
And I also want to just.
Correct the record from last time.
I can do the sound at it.
I didn't have enough time.
Because if.
Here's the thing about heavy gum too.
That people don't understand.
They're not.
Super supportive of outside endeavors.
Would you say?
Like you're.
This is a place and crank me if I'm wrong.
You're not.
You are.
Well, because when I was going to say.
Uh, is that.
You kind of have to hide your other passions.
You know what I mean?
Like like on your.
You you host the love motel.
All right.
It online radio show.
I will say something about the love motel that is funny.
Which is.
And vis-a-vis what you're saying.
To have a.
I've had a.
Little.
Not.
To have.
I've had a little.
I have a little.
Tell flyer with little like you can like rip off the.
Terrible number.
Um, eight five seven dial love.
It's been in the kitchen since pretty much since my first.
I put it up because I thought it'd be cute.
Mm-hmm.
And like.
Three weeks ago, Marty was like, what is that?
Who does that?
We talked about that specifically and how it's like my.
Little personal project in my interview for so long.
It was on my resume.
It was like part of the thing that I like.
It was how I got hired.
He had no idea.
He was like it's on the actual radio.
He looked at me like I was crazy.
Right.
Major killer.
You have to plug your shit.
You know what I mean?
Like you don't be like bashful about like extra.
What's that?
You're not in your head like you understand what I'm not sure you do.
Basically like like you do the love motel.
You should be saying that every day you come in to the work.
And.
I thought it was funny.
I just thought it was funny that my like boss didn't know.
No, I agree.
But at the same time.
Yeah.
You can't expect anyone, you know, to read your mind, right?
Like if you're in romantic partnership with someone, you have to ask for what you want.
You know what I mean?
You can't be like sulking, honestly.
Is this an audition?
Four co-hosts.
Yep.
That's right.
It is the supervising producer to co-host track.
A mirror basically said on last week's episode.
All right.
Can I help you, Morgan?
There's a lot of buzzing in my ear.
And I'm scared that's affecting the recording.
I'm here in a crystal clear.
Actually, it's okay.
It's okay.
You hear that?
No, no, no.
I think it sounds good.
You have to ask what for what you want in any part of your shit.
We're listening.
We're doing deep listening.
And here's the thing.
If Grace Harper can't get that out, then I think she's shit.
Oh, you know what it might be?
It might be Jeff's mic because it,
You definitely have to turn that way up.
Right.
For us to hear it.
I just turned it down and still there.
But I can't hear it.
I can't hear it.
I think it's okay.
Okay.
It's like so subtle that I can't tell if I'm about to hear it.
Yeah.
It's more just like I'm scared.
It's messed up.
Well, here's the thing.
What hear about it in the comments?
Where are you talking about?
I'm here.
Did you just call me a mirror?
Yeah.
You were talking about me sitting.
What were you talking about?
I'm here.
Yeah.
Got it.
I'm looking for what you want in relationship.
I fucking think that's what you're saying.
You didn't make sense.
And how do you do things?
How do you do things?
How do you do things about landing with me?
But how do you do that in your relationship?
I don't feel comfortable talking about that.
Here's what's on the limits for me.
Any interpersonal relationships.
Like that part of me that I can only access that one wonderful time of the year.
We're talking Christmas.
We're on January 7th.
That's generous season.
And now it's summer.
I'm in the thick of being selfish.
Where I live.
Absolutely.
Off limits.
And I would never do that to you.
Follow the Scrooge calendar.
You know, I've been trying to find like my tiny Tim.
I think it might have to be pile.
Just like a scrappy young lad who I need to help out on Christmas morning.
He send a cooked goose to his door next.
Or so as flowers.
Yeah.
He's the only person I got a birthday gift for this year to date.
My sister and dad both had birthdays.
I only got yep.
I want to know what your gag budget is for the show.
I don't know.
All I know is that I didn't know I know.
Here's what happened.
I had a credit card.
So here's so I graduated from college.
I got a job writing for a TV show where they overpaid us to do not a lot of work.
And that was when I got a credit card.
Credit limit was way too high.
It was good for what I was making then.
Got fired at the beginning of the pandemic.
Had this credit limit for a long time.
I treated it like a gift card.
I could have.
I got rid of any credit.
I had debit card out the wasoo for two years.
And should we pull that up again?
No, we should not.
Okay.
I just recently got a credit card and it's happening again.
Stop.
How?
What do you mean how?
So when how was it?
They barely even talked about this by the way.
I spent $270 something.
Almost $300 actually because Hase is 250 and
Sean's was like 35.
When I saw you sent me a screenshot because I didn't believe you that you were doing it.
100%.
What did you do?
He sent them edible arrangements.
He showed I saw a receipt.
It was $200.
It was $300.
It was $300 total.
And one was really big and one was really small.
And they didn't talk about it.
I had to figure it out.
They didn't think it was funny at all.
Nothing.
They did not compare notes.
Like we thought they might.
I really thought it was the first thing they said.
It would break the ice.
They'd be like, why did you send us fruit in the bag?
They were like, just thanks for the fruit.
Yeah.
And then Sean was like, I was hit at a party.
I was like, you were hit at a party.
I thought they were going to do like a measuring contest.
How do they know that one smaller one?
That whole show is a Dick measuring contest.
That's what we should do next.
I got it.
But to answer your question, gag gift budget.
It's just whatever credit.
Whatever credit.
Yeah.
Because I'll figure it out.
That's my whole fucking philosophy.
Do you want to tell people what you're ready to?
Love what?
No, I want to do it.
Okay.
What?
I'm not going to be in this room with a bunch of dolls.
Bond of the week.
This one's not an actor, but I'm going to pitch Emma Foley
as the director of the next double of seven.
Hell yeah.
I love that.
You'll take it or you're born with a chain.
I will tame it.
No.
If I have the time.
It's a big commitment.
Schedule depending.
Yeah.
And you don't care about that.
You probably get like $2 million to do that.
And you're like, if I have time, like, if I get through
factually, if I record enough episodes of girls on porn,
maybe I'll have time to do a storyboard for the next bond.
Yeah.
Got it.
I've never seen any of that before.
That's an fresh new perspective.
I think you all are rich, wrote on the new one.
The newest one.
Have you seen us in power?
The women directors doing these, like,
Greta Gerwig.
Yeah.
What is that about?
It's a fantastic role.
Yeah.
What's the deal?
What's up with that?
Have you seen Austin Powers?
Okay.
So just make it like that.
Grace cut that up.
Emma, have you seen Austin Powers?
Mhm.
So make it like that.
Okay.
There's like a joy to this show.
I don't know what else to say.
Like, this is like, um, I would say that.
Oh, kind of interesting.
There's, do you think we put on errors on this show?
Or do you think we're ourselves?
And there's just a general error?
A general error?
A joy of joy.
I've got an email.
I've got an email from something called.
Rejoie.
So you've heard of B joy.
No.
You've never heard of B joy.
What's B joy?
It's like a personal mantra of mine.
B joy?
Yes.
Ask have you heard of a person on a trip?
I've talked about it all the time.
Now we know who listens to the show.
Marie can do about it.
I knew about George Joy.
No.
Okay.
That's even more fun.
I like to be joy.
I didn't know that your personal mantra is B joy.
I don't know about everything personal intro personal intro personal intro personal
I don't know about it.
So not monstrous.
I said, interpersonally.
If anything should be off limits.
Well, it's a relationship with yourself.
That's the most person of all.
This is so nice.
I wanted this episode to go on to the week.
Yeah.
I met him.
Who is that?
Where?
I made him L-O-L.
Truly.
He lost it.
I told him about my brother's breakaway pants.
Oh, my God.
So he's in.
Oh, good.
Which were.
So excited to see him.
We're about to see.
Yeah.
We do have to just quickly pause and say for the pod.
The today is a really, really big day for me.
Onya and Marika.
I'm undenought.
I want to see him.
I'm a primer.
She's a primer.
I've never heard of it.
I thought it was going to be scary.
And actually, I like.
Okay.
I'm sorry for putting words on your mouth.
It's not too scary.
She just fell never heard of it.
We're not in your mouth.
We're doing.
Barbonheimer tonight.
Yeah.
I got my nails done for it.
What is this show?
Thank you.
Do you get it?
Different than we've ever done it before.
Do.
My.
They could be Barbie.
Yeah.
That's true.
Pause up girls.
I.
My.
I'm a fighter.
I'm a binder ladies.
Nervous.
Nell with anxiety issues to badge.
Uh, let's talk about rejoin.
Sorry.
So, okay.
That means giving this lick that's like you.
No, it's good.
I'm with you.
It means joy again.
Okay.
So.
Uh.
Or reply it to joy.
Oh, regarding joy.
All right.
W R S.
Fuck me.
W S R T.
Right.
W specific regards to.
Can we get like a.
You made that up.
That's not a thing.
Just like.
What are those ones that pile likes the.
The office chairs from design within reach that are like $50,000.
That arrow chairs.
That one.
Yeah.
Aron.
Why don't we have those.
Because we.
Can't afford it.
I.
You know, we can't afford to have this noise.
I know.
Uh.
And they only happens to me and i- and Ali, and now I guess Jeff, because Casey.
It never makes noise for like that.
Yeah.
We have good little tools.
And then do you like the tools in the New York City, I like those?
They're fun.
They were originally Jake and Mike, because matching desk chairs.
To do that.
One of what I didn't know they were.
Yeah, that was so funny.
You know, no.
I was like, you're the only.
Exactly.
Right.
It interacted with Mike, that much.
And then one day someone said something.
And I was like, who's brother?
Yeah, because Jake's been up for her, she would be like a year.
Yeah, well, before that, but it was for that.
I didn't know Michael that, well, now I know.
I think that my bond of the week is Judy Dunch.
Wow.
Because wouldn't that be funny if she comes in and she's a new role?
Yeah.
She demoted herself to Boston.
Did you guys ever watch Dr. Who?
No.
Should I?
Okay.
So B. Joy is a personal mantra at mine.
I have to.
One is get wise.
In the other one is B. Joy.
Yeah.
I keep getting these emails from a company called ReJoy.
Which is a.
Hydration.
I think it's like an athletic greens rip off.
It's sponsored the show.
So I'm just trying to guess.
Insistigate a season assist.
When should I drink ReJoy according to the email?
ReJoy is hydration to replenish your fluids and electrolytes.
As.
As such.
Are you said replenists?
Sorry.
I'm really funny.
I feel like it's so much.
I'm almost killed.
Oh, we got to figure this out.
Because this is.
Just for all being.
We're all being.
Joy right now.
Really being.
I agree.
I believed Ali.
I did not believe that.
ReJoy.
Right.
Right again.
Well, she's being.
Joy and she's getting wise.
Was that the other one?
The other one is getting wise.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
I felt that duo.
Come together.
ReJoy is hydration to replenish your fluids and electrolytes.
As such is good to drink all day.
Wow.
What this says.
Perfect.
And then it says.
The most common usage is first thing in the morning and about 30 minutes prior to a workout
or when mental clarity is at a premium.
I feel like if you're kind of real clear.
Yeah.
You're getting there.
What's that?
I'm never going to be at premium.
Holy shit.
You heard it in your first.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
You're just saying like I want the I would want ReJoy to get me there.
I don't want to be there.
Yeah.
If I'm at a premium.
If it's out of premium.
Then I don't need your product because I'm at premium.
Yeah.
At that point.
You've already been joy.
You don't need to re-becoming.
Yeah.
Right.
And I think that's a good thing to say.
Mm-hmm.
Did you throw a break already?
Oh, we should do that.
We'll take a break.
And I don't think we have any ads on this episode.
Imagine if it was ReJoy.
Natural marketing.
What is it organic marketing?
What if they don't reach out now?
Because we made fun of it.
I don't think that they are in a place where they can sell it.
You hear that?
It's the sound of a sale.
You're missing out on because you're not selling on Shopify.
And what does it sound like with Shopify?
Oh, much better.
Start selling with Shopify today.
I'm obviously a huge fan of Shopify.
I have to say thank you to Shopify because they did put me in a commercial last year.
They did do that.
I do appreciate it.
But Shopify is just hands down the best commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide.
I am a regular customer of retailers who use Shopify with for their e-commerce.
And I got to say from the customer standpoint at least,
it is an incredible online source for buying products.
So that means you know it's a good online source for selling products.
Whether you're a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready,
Shopify is the only tool you need to start,
run, and grow your business without the struggle.
Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel,
so whether you're selling satin sheets from Shopify's in-person
POS system or offering organic olive oil on Shopify's all-in-one e-commerce platform,
you're covered.
And once you've reached your audience,
Shopify has the internet's best converting checkout
to help you turn them from browsers to buyers.
I can personally vouch for this as a customer.
Sometimes I'm like,
I don't know, like, I've never bought from this place before.
First of all, I don't know if it's secure.
Second of all, it's just kind of a hassle to sign up for a new account
or enter my address.
I know that sounds like a small thing, guys.
But when you're trying to push these products,
the littlest thing can make that sale.
And for me, as a customer, oftentimes I'm like,
oh, the huge Shopify.
All I have to do is enter my email or my phone number,
boom, they have all my info pre-saved,
and the auto-fills and boom, I can buy it in less than like 20 seconds.
It's unbelievable.
Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the US,
and there's a reason.
Because Shopify's truly a global force,
powering all birds, raw fees,
and Brooklyn in millions of other entrepreneurs
of every size over 175 countries wide.
Plus, Shopify's award-winning help
is there to support your success every step of the way.
So sign up for a $1 per month trial period
at shopify.com slash podcast one, all over case.
Go to shopify.com slash podcast one
to take your business to the next level today.
Again, that's shopify.com slash podcast one.
Let's hear that sound again.
At a boy.
Laughter.
Oh, so what shot?
You my carbon ice gentleman,
pure boiling,
great that offer scorching
are for scorching the consistency of sand burning all the
rice. Skull scraps wait till the walk is nasty cinch sand you'll
beat and geoplasty there has got to be fish sauce showing all the
grains. Here's your bomba char the grains time for Odeen on
soy long grain white rice is here flamed enough but not too much
caught a rice grain sear the imagine beaches of rice
hot all scorched may you bite eat some poison
us be anything else is poison free on
drips and steam five burnt specks burning all the rice
that was really good that was really good that was really good
better.
I got drag last time in the comments for like talking over your song
what is it matter which is crazy
we do we do have to say that the experience of listening to that just now was hearing
you scream in the room.
I love when you say the word that
us it's weird that song readers don't take more advantage of the
word like that yeah has a kind of landing my my weird comment about this is that i
said that you should do uh only girl in the world yeah uh this discovery was
I think that I had when I saw the musical Mulan Rouge because i really sounded like he
said let me make you race take you for a ride yeah that song is also in the
lunch the musical burning down the house yeah also i went to Hollywood forever
last weekend to see a screening of Romeo Michelle's high school reunion and they had a
DJ before and they were playing uh the song and me and my sister Jayney were both like
think we thought of you and we were like I agree time I hear that I think of that song
yeah that's really good yeah my um Grace beat this up my girlfriend was in a
out of raven the desert and they also played that song and she was she's like
sent me a voice out of person yeah I almost sent you a video and then i was like what if the
one person that chance you don't get it you're like why she didn't want to make it so
you don't like with that text i think that would have been it for you um oh so i saw David
burn like two weeks ago where when did i my musical oh sorry
cut out all the references of me saying i know any of these people i went to a
party once and i did line dancing with him what did you make up I did line dancing
I came to at this musical because they make you line dance what's his weird obsession with
line dancing everybody's talking about it now yeah is it hard to talk about it is it
stud country and you guys country i was the first because i desperately wanted just to go
line dancing and not stand and they did the first part it was really good. Grace cut that out um
i think uh can we talk to these lyrics yeah i always want notes from you guys i want to know
how to be better because these are not maybe the final version they probably are because i
don't want to be record um but we are gonna put up i mean that was the take that you're gonna
no no i don't let you think it was good enough i think we should really
invest yeah can we get moona in what would be good uh pink chiffon yeah burnt
they would not get ready no they don't they bear they don't know who i am
Naomi and i've been at a lot of parties together and i don't think they know who i am at all
plex yeah no it's just that this town is fucking small and anybody who's under 30 is
always at the uh crankly which is where can we go that's in my neighborhood don't say that on the
show there's only one we should say it's at the corner no here we go uh uh watch out
say it was the song did everybody know the song burning down the house yeah
does it has everyone seen the movie queen let's see fun Steve Martin no it doesn't hold
that's holiday that movie is so fun good i love that movie i watch that anytime anywhere no
questions we should do newcomers but for Queen Latifah's movies honestly that would be like
that would mean i was just talking about set it off we just thought yeah i thought set it off
for the first time if you see that i used movie queen Latifah really set it up set it off
i don't know it's really good it's wait it's really good okay oh look at that
uh watch out yeah you might carbonized jasmine yeah you might get what you're after
it's like carbonized jasmine okay rice which is i learned that carbonized is a
set it in for charrie today yeah power boiled the type of rice
why you guys not smile type of rice i'm just listening yeah we're like this isn't
barking you want me on my own for a really good yeah to tell us to smile oh wow i knew
the moment i said it yeah you tell us to smile and you told me to
tell us to get a hundred people in the room you look so much better if you smile
it's kind of a classic line from Jeff and next time we do the line up which we should do it again
i'm going to wear a construction or something no power boiled type of
type of it's a preparation i google types of rice and power boiled comes
but right it's like an uncle band situation really like rice that you make in a microwave
has been power boiled it means like pre like has been cooked um grains that are meant for
scorching yeah that one's good deep the consistency of sand
charrie burning on the rice
i didn't think it was going to be that somewhere the song
okay scroll scraps
what is this that like grits that's grits a scrap of rice at that point this is
size of a grid we haven't quite gotten into grits territory i have been having it into grits
and also hold on what is the other there's like another name for rice grits that's pretty good
that i think would be like an answer were you one of those boys on vacation who would get
your name on a green of rice and what i was worried you're going to say swim sure
sure in the pool were you sure in the pool were you yeah i was in torxing kko's once when i was
going up it was like this year what i am and we were in like a ground floor hotel room right
walk through or i see a group of like i'm sorry to say but young you know people my age
are you sorry to say that i don't know
i don't want to betray this image that everyone has of me as this like person who's always hung out
and been able to hang with older people you know because i've always been mature from it
and so hold on you i'm 25 years old it's not crazy how will you think i was don't say 30
okay well i watch it tread light like yeah i love being fair i just mean that um i love being 30
he says i'm 25 but i love being 30 how old did you think i was um i think i would
well maybe i knew you were younger i thought you were kind of just like a little younger than me
that just means that i'm not like so much younger not so much younger it's the bags of the
eyes and by the way i use bright eyes every day i do you know what's that i still don't
listen to Connor over me yeah i don't know i think you look older than 25 i don't mean that it's
bad facial hair he's maybe it is just that it should be here yeah i don't know i'm like 19
better moving stony center would be good i didn't like it instead of you should really call
your brother it's you should really char the gray i don't know where you're talking about i think bright
grits sometimes called broken rice or midlands wow so i'm trying to get my dad to give me his
right shirt that he got custom made look i talked to him over the weekend um and he
i can't remember what it was in it might it he might have worn it when you got photographed for
bonnet bon appetit magazine um but he got like a custom shirt that's something about rice like
truly something similar to like rice is joy like it's so hard to perfect shirt and then he was like
i went to a museum to go see an exhibit on rice and everyone was looking at me and i was like
i have to retire the shirt and i was like i think you or i didn't feel like the opposite but you know
i'll take it if you don't want anymore and then he wouldn't give it to me let's get let's get
him on the show we really rest in the right effort yeah yeah i'll have a lot of rice on the right
having having Greg on the show would be very funny Greg 10 of sky can i have ski yeah
it's it's different you have to add an egg is your woman hmm another hardship interest
is having to well if you add up all the hours that you've spent filling out forms and right
of your name down it's probably been a full day and on top of that i'm getting 25 cents last
on the dollar mostly the first thing though right i do feel confident saying i make the least amount
of money out of anyone in this room at least from headgum i mean if you you're a contractor if you
broke it down hourly when you say like that it sounds like a slur you're the one is as you're
gonna put on a construction uniform which is offensive to laborers yeah wait till the last guest
nasty yep it's called scraps wait till the walk gets nasty cinch sand you'll need
angel plastic that's right that down was why you wanted it's basically an angel plastic is when
you have to like clear your arteries from blockages right it's like a real base of all i know i've seen
all of gray is saying i'm rewatching right wait i was just rewatching last night but when and i got
in the episode where she has to choose between the vet and McDreamy and i really had no one to text
and he was proud it's really like this is a really good job because i know oh my god that's such a
good episode but when i don't cry i almost cry when that i watched that episode for the first time
which spoiler alert the show's been out for 20 fucking years but Denny do heck it she cuts the
alvella wire and then it's for nothing i was i i i what's her name Katherine high-gole high-gole
i cry i was a surgeon but i'm not and she leaves yeah i was devastated i was on the floor
now that's real emotion sounds like he had a good night's leave that
is that in real or if i was out of my life i have talked about my music on the show
is Jeff gonna go see the two does Jeff go to the movies yeah i asked him that one's on here
if he goes to movies i do that feels crazy it feels crazy
i feel like i can think about you doing it night is coming in here unannounced to edit
the headgum podcast for some reason at night here while we're trying to play on the 24 hour
live stream there was like two to three different times i don't know if we ever talked about this
on the show there was two to three different times where we were talking about you and planning
the secret live stream and then i'd come out and you would be in a side room and no one
knew when you showed up and we'd kind of try to guess based on your manner is and like you if you
could hear any of the things that we said and how long you'd been there that would be like so far
i didn't hear what happened what's up why are you here it's so late you said when it doesn't
come in the office that often you're never exactly you're planning a specific thing and then you
walk out and suddenly i'm there it's like eight thirty p.m. in like a side room yeah it's really
so to think about you doing like a normal night thing like going to movies feels wild
it was last movie so i think it was evil dead rise exactly exactly that proves my point
i like seeing horror movies in the theater wait so how does it end evil dead rise whether it does rise
okay okay um it wasn't very good it's the little girl okay from the preview
yeah um yeah okay okay there has got to be fish sauce and charring all the sauce
yeah yeah that's crazy yeah well i'm trying to add something every time ideally so i added fish sauce
some joa deveaf yeah yeah exact some sauce that's beef beef is what is really
wow that's kind of i guess it would be at a joa yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i think
i wish you get that as it had to that's kind of cool well my you should give i wish you
speaking of songs i have the word songs tattooed on my arm but
full yeah yeah okay i'm proving you know the word what is the why it is you have
it's a great full dead tattoo thank you really yeah well jerky i'm mostly but yeah the right
i know you're surprised also i well i i like the dead but i don't know what they're
our friends uh this is two personal this is two personal relationship with my body so i'm not
gonna talk about it it's sons who see so bit jerky jerky yeah it's also so boring
i know i thought i was like don't even bother the energy's changing yeah i'm not really
let's make a change in one way and then change it in another right oh hell yeah
would you like to do one no give us a major key alert what's that when you call it something
you're just having like an it's unsolicited advice basically major key alert don't ask
about anything all right how about this as soon as the tables are turned all of a sudden it's
off limits i'm notice ask me you guys okay each of you guys get one question i'll answer it
honestly especially i'm uh the thing is nobody wants to hear about my actual like my actual
it's very it honestly bad what that that that's fine no no it's fine i don't there's
nothing i need to know what we're moving right along it'll stink about how i don't answer
questions you said what's off limits there's just that you ask very personal questions on the show
yeah one time he asked me if i pray
anybody wants to ask any questions now that the floor is open um how is your personal life
it's actually not good right now but it'll be fine later yeah
later today oh my best friends moved in New York oh sorry uh we'll be fine later
and that's what the be joy comes in you say that's kind of being joy
it's constant evolution to it okay i have a question all right i'm borrowing it from
RIP James Lipton wow right i love
RIP right okay so can you rest in peace so
without Ali invoking you on the head you'll agree right yeah um okay so you die
what right you're at heaven and at i don't want to put words on your mouth
Ali said it and not you're at heaven yeah you're at heaven it's a sight to her
it is a location is it not you know um and you're at the door the pearly gates
yeah not and then the doors open and guards there Josh and god oh god
sorry she's from Chicago god yeah and that's so what and like what what's the
what's the first thing you guys say to each other
the chises obviously gender neutral okay i would say uh oh my god love your work
big sir that was huge for me
wait you're saying that to god or he's saying it to you well for what are you saying it to
drush god you say it the same time and it's kind of like me that the twist isn't actually
that or again that you're at the door yeah Josh god was created in god's admitted shit
run front of house that you have it
uh uh i don't know yeah i would say th uh oh you know no i can't say it on the
do you project i i don't i don't either i think i pray when like a family member isn't
is feeling ill jesus what i said earnest an honest
he just didn't answer question i don't understand fully i have to be honest what you're asking
i love your work is a great answer yeah it's classic lived in what a loved it
wait but i think it's like what does god say to you i think that's the question uh i'm
nothing if not a creationist sorry what i think emma said something crazy
oh no no no no i'm not i'm not we didn't want it yeah we don't need to get it you can't you can't
you can't never been this i also think that we should cut out the bar that moona goes to
i don't think they'd like their spot being blown up i didn't wait i didn't hear them oh it
happened like 20 minutes ago okay well we'll make no stress i feel like yeah i literally missed it
oh wait i guess murica still has a question available here on yeah and emma didn't ask anything
you should do it into the actor studio episode it's such a good idea i love that we have to get
Cooper though we have to get Bradley Cooper because he asked a question oh wow famously when he
was an actor at the actor studio and by the way he looked so annoying he looked so earnest and he's just like
he was just like thank you so much mr. Lipton uh when you're like thinking about a part like
is that yeah it's so i mean i don't do a good impression of my god i got the vibe
he was like my godly Cooper and i'm an actor that's what he's gonna say to god
oh no no no he was he was in the audience at an interview one and they took questions and he was
an audience fan question wow that's okay that's nice i thought i was mentioning Bradley
Cooper now talking to god i have to get him really right i'm really good man i'm not sure
okay i have to say something and i want to know if you guys are great this isn't the most fun i've
ever had in the head of my i think it's gonna be the least fun don't oh no i think he's working talking
on my work exactly he's not participating we're talking amongst ourselves there's conversations
going on and he has no idea about and so i'm sorry for you no i i just i feel like Jeff you're in it
do you not feel in it here's your bomba char the grains i'm for old deying on what bomba
bomba right thank you uh no here's your bomba char the grains time for old deying on soy yeah i'm
actually allergic to soy so that is me you can get soy poisoning my friend Harry got that
my god what happened he was hazed in college but what what what is it how does that matter us
sodium poisoning really what and then what what happens longer i don't what is it like like
i mean is that dead that would be better thing to say to god just our father who
in heaven who aren't having art in heaven is that our father who are just in heaven long grain white
rice is here uh flamed enough but not too much cotterized grain seer thus yeah make you have a
really nice little huh there was one thank you so there was one lot keep going there was one line
where you really should have done right there was one line that there's a line coming up where you
should have gone back to i think um burning all the rice but you were like did something i didn't
rhyme charring all the green exactly but then that was that's all for saying that for the first time
you work as you weren't listening intently uh and that imagine beaches of rice that's my
line all scorched yeah that's really good hey you might need some hoisin on speed yeah anything else's
poison that's really good when you get a rhyme like that and you're not carrying that love like that's
the bar you should you're you can do this you should go back to me the funniest thing because with the
goal of these songs is for the listener to not be able to find stable ground you think you know
what's up man it's not there that's true so i like going in a rhyme at the end when people are like
okay so none of this is gonna rhyme they've already decided that and all of a sudden there's a perfect
rhyme like what it really needs a sound it needs the yeah the open hymer the hundred sixty five
burnt specks burning all the rice and that's the uh okay i think if your goal was to keep
people on edge then you've achieved it well that's why you too had a basis named the edge
or guitarist river that's why comfortable with him in a room that's why Jeff locked the door behind
this one we can actually do what i get you know this been all amiable you know on that side of the
desk everybody's been really having a great time it sounds like it's time to get a little more sour
how long moving going for it's been an hour and fifteen yes it's been forty nine okay
by the note felt like an hour fifteen all right marica yeah Emma can you guys tell the audience why
you're an L.A. Comicon yeah yeah and their big fans of Comicon let's say I did have a few people
asked me like oh you're going for work or like for personal yeah you're like i've never heard of
I'm going to work I'm not so insulted but I now feel like I should yeah that's a question
not should be directed to me okay oh my god you can breathe easy yeah yeah you guys are here for
Comicon what are you doing at Comicon panels why are you there two scary didn't watch ahead
them horror recap podcast is going to record an episode there okay and that's what I wanted to
talk to you guys about why did we get a panel there why did we get a live show at Comicon it's crazy
that I think I'm podcast yeah because I why well how many listeners do they get more than us more
than that compact yes yeah it's not fucked up I'd say we're like they're like a little more it's not like
huge remote so we could theoretically because this is the new goal hmm by next year's Comicon you
think there's a chance sure you tell me there's a chance they don't they didn't ask for a numbers
okay so it's about content yeah well you would have had to be submitted yeah which first of all
we didn't do right this is what I want to I will say well here's here's one thing yeah
I think it would be so funny I don't know how to pull it off because I don't know what the rules
are about like filming on the floor but I think it would be really funny for you and Riley to go to
Comicon and just like interview people maybe I don't like man on the street stuff I'd be honest but
you don't you know like you're too you're too much for the story as a person I think indoors
something bad I think he needs an outline yeah let me ask you guys a couple questions okay
because my fear let me first express my fear and then you guys can either confirm it or deny it okay my fear
is that this show has been sort of gradually getting swept under the rug in favor of newer shows
Hollywood handbook is new oh my god shiny object everybody's distracted I don't know what this
fucking brand of show is I get that it's bringing in money I get that but does it have the charm the
wit the fucking gorilla warfare feel of this show and then my question to you is that it is it
it's not really awesome is it an out of sight out of mind thing we're like you're in New York you're
in New York and then you I rarely come to the LA office right you know it's a front night except
so like is it is that the issue is that that I'm not showing face enough to be reminding
Marie because on the show every week yeah I talk to you so often right and then so it's not that so
it's not that who right I think you're just kind of feeling first born first normal you know when
you're when you make a waffle the first ones the tester that's the thing though is I bought low and
I want to sell high and so far I haven't even had the option to sell stuff well also like what what
are you feeling particularly neglected about just like something I've been begging for months right
we have two ideas we want to do for the show haven't gotten either one off the ground and then
they're so expensive well okay I said I would sell fund and then it doesn't seem like anyone's
allowing me to do that I mean yeah I want to have the bags of fruit I'm sorry to be to unveil
the man behind the curtain oh yeah you mean Marieka had a meeting months ago wait
I remember this yes a two that's on a very special episode of the head gum podcast and you
I believe we're on vacation he books he's blessed I was shooting a movie
also one week you didn't have Wi-Fi yeah yeah we're not meeting no that was also the
fun thing that was in your attempt at fucking Wi-Fi yeah well we had Wi-Fi but it was literally
I was upload speeds of 0.25 megabytes yeah yeah it was like we we had a meeting we were going to
were meeting sort of we had a meeting we were going to regroup I did my homework and then we never
regrouped because you were in Kentucky with 0.25 so it was there not like a Starbucks like near
there was a coffee shop that had Wi-Fi 45 minutes away okay so if you really wanted to
do what you could it sounds like well I was also on yeah yeah
I say we regroup we do that we didn't shoot whenever you guys are free on the day and then we
figured out from there but what I do I just I want to be an included in decision making like
what shows do we submit for Comic Con and I'm like and maybe I'm on the zoom and I'm like
I'm just been falling here with that zoom on that and then they're like
maybe being clear to the decision just can't we submit me please for the New York comedy festival
for the Comic Con yeah let's do it New goal next year
and you podcast live show yeah review you was actually they're actually my being
yeah um we're just fine we know but put it it like looking ahead 20
tips for everything's coming up Jeff I don't think so unless we make it happy 2024 nothing else
for the rest of the year fine
the new goal is to be at Comic Con next year okay I'm podcast live show and if it doesn't
happen whether that's because of y'all'sness or whether that's because of the
don't mess is on the panel and Comic Con I don't like the pointing this is creepy
you're going to rent a stage at a different place in Anaheim we are going to throw
on where is it or I'm shouting you're so shit
a lot of each and San Diego who did so come on a very famous who cares
yeah well we're just going to Anaheim it's okay so what do you two get
San Diego we're going to be an oh we could do Disney it doesn't fucking matter
we're going to throw our Comic Con we're guess what it's going to be called
Jeff Con John McCon GEO and my sea con right and we're going to have all
time guests we're going to have what's that I didn't say anything continue
no I didn't want to sit with John McCon
start my life I don't know if I'm better standing what where do you guys are saying
are you saying John McCon John McCon John McCon John McCon
John McCon for the record the only related to M I see who the fuck is this
she oh my god multiple stages different shows happening at any given time
we're going to have the hits we're going to have Zach Dunn as a guest we're going to have
my husband you're a she's pretty famous and cool actually yeah she's like invited to
Comic Con we've found proof glass they told so I just want to announce that's a
nice self and the team accountable that that's the new goal for the show is that what's that
who's going to Comic Con no I'm saying the goal is to get a real Comic Con okay if
that doesn't happen by neglect on y'all's parts this is on y'all okay or the
committee at Comic Con we're going to throw our own Comic Con
John McCon John McCon John McCon to be a guest I said Zach Dunn I said my
content y'all I said the team at headgun this lineup is great we're going to have
Jake back from fraternity leave we're going to have Ferris Monshi on the board talking
about getting I'm sorry but we're going to be April and Ferris you guys don't remember that
I do April and Ferris your inside Ferris yeah 28th going to be your yeah
I'm a
okay you can follow me on Instagram at at emirose fully doing short film coming somewhere
and you house set for someone recently is that part of say I have what you house set for someone
I thought you said you have sat like I mean you like like a part of it yeah
you didn't house it you posted a thing that you were house it
why would you you know what the real reason was you said I don't maybe you weren't
house sitting but I you posted a photo and I saw so I was just saw in a part bit I was like
that's cool the shelves are really aesthetic same that's my house that's your apartment yeah
well I don't know what you're talking about but I assume with the projects like I have
show with the projector we have to watch a movie I think right what I put what did I post
I do you want to I don't know how to share it oh yes that was my friend Rebecca's apartment
right and you were house sitting no what happened she had me over I just moved and I want
can we talk about really quick my mother's a dumb you came in here with me in casey
and you told me you just moved to this great new apartment and it was just me in casey talking
home and he was like honey you and your boyfriend should come over so
I was like okay casey that's why I don't like going to parties anymore because I don't know
what happened I don't know if it's COVID long COVID but I'm so anxious in social settings that I
don't match it like that I was like okay okay okay of course you're not going to do
you want to come you was just funny because casey was right yeah I didn't invite
I was like I would have loved to come over it's just weird that you wouldn't invite
our friend and co-worker casey shelves I was looking for shelves inspiration on Instagram and I saw
your but you and Rebecca and touch she's in LA right now we're gonna be traveling together actually
after I've ever been more good than to me Rebecca I figured out the shelves by the way I figured out
the shelves and it looks good so I don't need the inspiration anymore but I was a reference to it
I used it as a reference to it all right I'd like to plug the love motel is always please don't
not donate you should donate no you can donate to my Venmo don't it to Alice on don't know to
Alice lunch find or my Venmo really any one of us I think we could all wait yeah repugging that's
plug Venmo's go ahead Venmo's Emma rose back she'll show show your feet don't do that
blur that out Jeff I'll just cut away from it don't he won't never she would never she didn't know
but they're kind of covered in like palaces and blisters but you like people probably like
people on the show all the time and everybody's like oh my god I want to marry on you no no don't
no one ever since that when I'm on the show so I want to marry her so I want to marry her so
that's a Connor's name I'm I'm Emily okay we should I just want to clock with you guys
that sunset is at 802 p.m tonight so if you want to get out while there's still some like yeah
yeah yeah like to plug Barbie I don't know if anyone's heard of that but it is coming out maybe
maybe that one knows about it you make it put on the side oh right okay at Marie Gailon
on letterbox and blue sky and twitter and instagram submit it all up until did I say that yeah okay
if you want to marry me then mommy yeah if you want to marry Venmo me if you want to marry
Venmo on you we should have a girl girl pool sure it's like a world full but girl I don't
know I can't all right you're ending the show all you didn't even plug yeah following me
at alicon on instagram pay me at alicon on Venmo and also letterboxed alicon that's really good
she's never good yeah my letterbox publicly oh private we recently became
well I want to follow you we got a follow yeah we all got a I want to I like you all watch
you guys follow me I'm good we all have to yeah we don't have that we should leave
I didn't say that but yeah I guess yeah get out of here by jeff bye thank you
that was a hit them original